Another important concept here is when we get notes, as it is just a list of notes, that's fine,
but we're going to have a lot of issues because remember we are in compose, so we need a way in which
we can have some sort of state, right?
Remember mutable state so we could go and say something like this?
Wrap all of this into a mutable state.
Mutable what's immutable list?
Now this has to be mutable.
State such and then put it all inside there and call it good.
That means then whenever we say get notes, the list is going to be state because if we put in inside
of a political state.
Now, it would work in any other case, however, since we are talking about room so far, this will
give us a lot of headaches, so this wouldn't work.
So we need another data structure or another structure that will help us get what we need in this case.
Give us the state right to the ability to have other functions or other classes to listen to the changes
that we have here in our data.
So what we can do actually going to use the flow flow, as you can see here, we need to go get this
flow.
And interesting here is flow and pass any type.
In this case, the list of notes is a x XCOR routines flow.
We just talked about Cortines.
Let's read a little bit more.
So is an async.
You can't see everything, but let's see.
First of all, let's go ahead and import it.
It has to be it in flow.
They put this in your line, so hopefully.
If I have over here, you can see I have a lot of information again, because this is a topic that it's
it's complex in nature, but the idea is the same.
It says here that flu as a class, as a protein is in a synchronous data stream that is sequentially
emits values and completes normally or with exceptions, right?
And goes on in to talk about everything there's called flow and all sorts of things, so it can always
go ahead and learn more about it.
What this means, really is that we can use this data structure, this structure to sequentially pass
data that can be listened to, just like mutable state and so forth, but with a little bit more information,
with a little bit more things that we can do with it.
But most importantly, the key word here is asynchronous, which means it's not synchronized.
This processes the streams that are sending, which means it's not synchronized a synchronously.
It's really important because now we can have two processes going and passing data here, and this is
waiting, and then this goes first and then this waits and goes second.
And we have this a synchronicity that's important, especially when you talk about the UI thread because
we don't want to obstruct the UI thread ever.
And so flow this data structure here is what are we going to be using?
And in fact, it's what is recommended to use, especially when it comes to war room database.
It makes sense.
OK.
So instead of mutable list, you can make it work or life data, the other ones.
But flow seems to work perfectly, especially working with compose.